refactor: move helm README to docs/helm.md (#4035)
cdr/code-server: docs/install.md

## Helm

> You can install code-server via [Helm](https://coder.com/docs/code-server/latest/helm).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install code-server using the [Helm package manager](https://coder.com/docs/code-server/latest/helm).
```
